Tickets/dm 53895 - reorg (#11)
lsst/rtn-046: tables/mroles.tex

{3.1d.1}&{Data Abstraction Oversight}&{Oversees the Pipeline Middleware and Data Engineering Teams, functionally supervising the leaders of those teams and reporting on their activity to the AD for RDM. } \\ \hline
{3.1d.2}&{Data Production Oversight}&{Oversees the Algorithms and Pipelines and Campaign Management Teams, functionally supervising the leaders of those teams and reporting on their activity to the AD for RDM. } \\ \hline
{3.1d.3}&{Data Services Oversight}&{Oversees the SQuaRE and Advanced Databases Teams, functionally supervising the leaders of those teams and reporting on their activity to the AD for RDM. } \\ \hline
{3.1d.4}&{Data Acquisition Oversight}&{Oversees the SQuaRE and Advanced Databases Teams, functionally supervising the leaders of those teams and reporting on their activity to the AD for RDM. } \\ \hline
{3.1d.5}&{Data Production Oversight - SLAC}&{Oversees the Algorithms and Pipelines and Campaign Management Teams, functionally supervising the leaders of those teams and reporting on their activity to the AD for RDM. } \\ \hline

> {3.1e}&{NCSA Management Support}&{Provide Project support at NCSA for teh NCSA team} \\ \hline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{3.1e}&{NCSA Management Support}&{Provide Project support at NCSA for the NCSA team} \\ \hline
```

> {3.1??}&{Data Management Scientist}&{Ensure DM produces fit for purpose products, shepherd papers and investigations} \\ \hline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{3.1??}&{Data Management Lead Scientist}&{Leads the understanding and evaluation of DM performance to ensure LSST data products and services enable transformative science, and shepherds key papers and investigations showcasing their potential.} \\ \hline
```

Author: this comes from the WBS  sheet - can not change here .. @drphilmarshall  perhaps has to do it
I can try I guess.
uggh someone chages the shape of the WBS .. or somethign
